increase/set time block creation (#416)
Shard-Labs/starknet-devnet: page/docs/guide/advancing-time.md

## Set time

> Sets the exact time and generate block. All subsequent blocks will keep the set offset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the exact time and generates a new block. All subsequent blocks will keep the set offset.
```

Author: fixed in bedd89c410df8d46c1a98138aa4cdbb9b53f69eb

> Sets the exact time and generate a new block. All subsequent blocks will keep the set offset.

Reviewer: Should we include info about request failing if there are pending blocks?

Author: true

## Increase time

> Increases the time offset for each generated block and generate block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increases the time offset for each generated block and generates a new block.
```

Author: fixed in bedd89c410df8d46c1a98138aa4cdbb9b53f69eb
